input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 134 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 125 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 268 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 251 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 536 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 502 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 341 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 320 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 683 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 641 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1367 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1282 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 690 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 647 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1380 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1294 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2761 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2588 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2778 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2604 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 5557 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 5209 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 11114 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 10419 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 134 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 125 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 268 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 251 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 536 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 502 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 341 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 320 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 683 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 641 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1367 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1282 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 690 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 647 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1380 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1294 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2761 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2588 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2778 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2604 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 5557 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 5209 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 11114 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 23, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 10419 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 8 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 7 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 16 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 15 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 32 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 30 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 20 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 19 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 40 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 38 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 81 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 76 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 41 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 38 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 82 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 77 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 164 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 154 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 165 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 155 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 331 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 310 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 663 Mbps
input - numerology: 0, modulation_order: 1, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 621 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 73 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 68 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 147 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 137 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 294 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 275 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 193 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 181 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 386 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 362 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 772 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 724 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 393 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 369 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 787 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 738 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1574 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1476 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1596 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1496 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 3192 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2992 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 6384 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 5985 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 73 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 68 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 147 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 137 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 294 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 275 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 193 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 181 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 386 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 362 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 772 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 724 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 393 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 369 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 787 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 738 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1574 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1476 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1596 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1496 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 3192 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2992 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 6384 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 26, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 5985 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 49 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 46 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 98 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 92 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 197 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 185 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 129 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 121 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 259 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 243 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 519 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 486 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 264 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 247 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 529 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 495 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1058 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 991 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1072 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1005 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2145 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2011 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 4290 Mbps
input - numerology: 1, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 4022 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 11 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 11 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 23 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 22 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 47 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 44 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 33 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 31 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 67 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 63 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 134 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 126 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 69 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 64 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 138 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 129 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 277 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 259 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 285 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 267 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 570 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 534 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1140 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 10, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1068 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 22 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 20 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 44 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 41 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 89 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 83 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 62 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 59 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 125 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 118 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 251 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 236 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 129 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 121 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 259 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 243 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 519 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 486 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 533 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 500 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1067 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1001 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2135 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 18, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2002 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 8 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 8 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 17 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 16 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 35 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 33 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 24 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 23 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 49 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 46 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 99 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 93 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 51 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 48 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 103 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 96 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 206 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 193 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 211 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 198 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 423 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 397 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 847 Mbps
input - numerology: 2, modulation_order: 7, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 794 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 2 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 4 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 3 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 8 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 7 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 7 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 6 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 14 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 13 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 28 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 26 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 15 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 14 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 30 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 28 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 61 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 57 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 64 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 60 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 129 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 121 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 258 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 4, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 242 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 10 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 10 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 21 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 20 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 42 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 40 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 35 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 33 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 71 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 66 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 142 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 133 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 77 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 72 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 154 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 144 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 308 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 288 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 323 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 303 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 647 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 606 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1294 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 22, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1213 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 1 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 1 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 3 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 2 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 6 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 20, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 5 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 5 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 4 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 10 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 9 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 21 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 50, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 19 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 11 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 10 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 22 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 21 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 45 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 100, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 42 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 47 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 1, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 44 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 95 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 2, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 89 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: downlink - calculated 5g throughput: 191 Mbps
input - numerology: 3, modulation_order: 3, bandwidth: 400, mimo_layers: 4, link_type: uplink - calculated 5g throughput: 179 Mbps
